---
date: 2024-10-25
---

# SitRep 25 Oct 2024

## 1 - Critical Timebound Completed

- Meet with US Department of Transportation to get Public Transportation data

## 2 - Other High Importance Completed

- Update creation of line feature creation to ensure all geometries from shapes are included, even if there are not associated trips 
and routes to pull attributes from.
- Restage Switzerland (38 agencies) and New South Wales, Australia (349) transit data to address issue arising from multiple agencies in a 
single GTFS file, correctly assigning agency to stops and routes.
- Stage updated United Kingdom (873 agencies) transit data to correctly assign multiple agencies within a single submission.
- Address error caused by GTFS datasets with required files, but no records to enable reprocessing of Victoria, Australia data.
- Restage Victoria, Austraila data...not an easy feat since it was delivered as a zipped archive containing eight directories, each of 
these directories containing a separate GTFS dataset archive, and one not containing _any_ records in either stops or shapes causing the 
issue necessitating the aforementioned patch.
- Post processing for Netherlands data, clipping data to spatial extent.
- Build release candidate by creating main dataset from smaller community maps contributions, and adding _all_ features (including those without agency) from large multi-agency (country or Admin1 level datasets).
- Refine methodology for creating transit accessibility index, addressing dropped point-of-interest locations in trip assignment steps of the workflow.
- Publish transit update to ArcGIS Online addressing large multi-agency contributors, ensuring all agencies are correctly assigned.

## 3 - Shifting Priorities

#### Escalate

#### Diminish
