---
date: 2025-04-25
---

# SitRep 25 Apr 2025

## 1 - Critical Timebound Completed

- Participate in points-of-interest coordination kick-off meeting.

## 2 - Other High Importance Completed

- Evaluate Foursquare Quality Assurance dataset, critically evaluating updated filtering criteria.
- Build the workflow to create a dataset from the Foursquare main dataset for software, Geoenrichment.
- Coordinate with Dmitry to ensure receiving Foursquare data in correct format(s).
- Process the Foursquare data for software, ensuring the Parquet data is paritioned by country, and building a File Geodatabase to deliver at the same time supporting building country data packs.
- Update public transit recoding for platforms, accounting for both `Null` and zero length strings in `parent_station` column, and add this platform code to the National Transit Mapping stops.
- Recode platforms, entrances and exits and generic nodes in ArcGIS Online public transit stops feaure service.
- Update symbology for platforms and hide generic nodes in ArcGIS Online public transit stops feature layer view.
- Troubleshoot and work with Dan Peterson to resolve expired ArcGIS Online transit organization.
- Create pipeline to build Basemaps parquet dataset as part of standard Foursquare open-source processing workflow.
- Add a list of locations to manually drop into Foursquare processing pipeline, and rebuild datasets to reflect this.

## 3 - Shifting Priorities

#### Escalate

- Update public transit to account for platforms.
- Include processing logic to manually dorp locations as part of Foursquare processing pipeline.

#### Diminish

-

