---
date: 2024-09-13
---

# SitRep 13 Sep 2024

## 1 - Critical Timebound Completed

- Update Esri Trasit Layers in Living Atlas with new or updated data from Houston, Spokane, Ireland and Bay Area AC Transit.
- Provide support (being on call) for local government Solution Engineers attending hackathon for Tacoma Equity mapping.

## 2 - Other High Importance Completed

- In anticipation of potentially handing off data processing for Foursquare, consolidate Foursquare post processing tasks to download and prepare data for distribution into single project, `foursquare-post-processing`, on the Business Analyst Data Engineering Elastic Compute System (ECS) instance. 
- Professional development, learn how to set up a custom dataset, use in an Infographic, and use the custom Infographic in Experience Builder Business Analyst widget.
- Process AC Transit (Bay Area) dataset.
- Update GTFS transit data processing logic to account for null values represented with one or more spaces, directly addressing why AC Transit was not processing.
- Build and publish transit release candidate for planned Fri 13 Sep 2024 release.
- Debug and update processing logic to address null agency names in latest release of Houston lines created by leading zeros in numeric route ID's in route table.

## 3 - Shifting Priorities

#### Escalate

- Learn workflow for custom data, adding to Infographic and using Experince Builder Business Analyst widget to create demonstration application to use as part of City of Tacoma's hackathon.
