---
date: 2024-05-03
---

# SitRep 03 May 2025

## 1 - Critical Timebound Completed

- Create toolbox supporting download, stage and upload workflow for datasets submitted to Community Maps and uploaded to the Esri Transit Organization.

## 2 - Other High Importance Completed

- Method to scan ArcGIS Online for new GTFS datasets and download any new datasets.
- Method to unpack a GTFS dataset archive, ascertain the Amin0 and Admin1 level, save in staging and convert to a single dataset File Geodatabase for evaluation.
- Collaborate with Lilin in Community Maps to get the `NashvilleWeGo.zip` archive uploaded to the Esri Transit ArcGIS Online organization using their submission workflow to prototype against to extract contributor name and submission date from the ArcGIS Online Item title string.
- Create method to scan for new GTFS datasets in ArcGIS Online organization, and download any new GTFS datasets not already downloaded.
- Publish stops and lines GTFS to Feature Services.
- Create View Layers for GTFS Stops, Lines usng Attribute Colors and Lines by Modality.
- Create method to stage GTFS datasets by discerning submitting username and submission date from the naming convention, unpacking the archive, and converting stops and lines to Feature Classes using Melinda's COTS tools in Pro.
- Create method to add modality to stops by traversing realtionship across four GTFS tables.
- Create method to add _primary modality_ for stops' symbology, populating column with multiple modalities with highest priority modality for symbology.
- Update schema, adding fields in Feature Layers, turning on new fields in View Layers, and turn off those specified...per updated guidance.
- Create `.pyt` toolbox in Pro with tools to scan for and download new datasests from Community Maps, stage a GTFS dataset, and update the stop and line Feature Layers by user in ArcGIS Online.
