---
date: 2024-06-28
---

# SitRep 28 Jun 2024

## 1 - Critical Timebound Completed

- Collaboratively develop strategy to address some contributor names being foolishly generic, such as, `Public Account` with Lilian. Moving foward, Lilian will populate with Citation Name, and we will use this.

## 2 - Other High Importance Completed

- Update GTFS batch staging to not fail when one GTFS dataset cannot be processed
- Record GTFS publishing workflow as reference material for the rest of the team
- Sort out how permissions work in Microsoft Stream for recorded meetings
- Collaborate to decide columns visiable in GTFS Feature Views, part of soft launch finalization
- Collaborate to align on messaging and strategy for Transit Initiative going into User Conference
- Sort out permissions in Azure DevOps for sharing Transit Accessibility Index repository with Yuhan and Elif
- Write `make_data.py` script to use for getting and staging new data, and, if new data is successfully staged, build a main dataset publication candidate.
- Preliminary investigation into Victoria, AUS multiagency submission.
- Process valid data in Victoria, AUS submission.
- Troubleshoot invalid Victoria, AUS GTFS files to determine no records included in `stops.txt` or `shapes.txt` for invalid datasets.
- Update validation in GTFS publishing workflow to include checking for records in stops _and_ shapes.
- Troubleshoot, identify and come up with a mitigation strategy for issue making updating Feature Layer Views complex and difficult.
- Develop workflow to create bookmark extents relative to the median centroid by transit agency and use to update the Transit Webmap bookmarks to include recent submissions.
- Retroatively populate and apply correct Citation Names in existing data, rebuild, republish Feature Layers, update Feature Layer Views and Web Map bookmarks with updated data.
