---
date: 2025-01-10
---

# SitRep 10 Jan 2025

## 1 - Critical Timebound Completed

- 

## 2 - Other High Importance Completed

- US Department of Transportation (USDOT) National Transportation Database (NTD) data download preliminary workflow, download workflow for raw data.
- Correctly handle zero length strings to be `null` to identify missing values in NTD data.
- Standardize lines modality descriptions based on `route_type` codes so Living Atlas Transit Layers' symbology works.
- Create solution for matching modality from lines to stops using the `ntd_id`, but this only assigns modality for just over 60% of data due to multiple modalities for just under 40% of the records.
- Create solution to assign nearest line modaltiy to remaining 40% of stops.
- Apply standard stops modality descriptions using assigned modality codes for stop symbology to work correctly.
- Combine last main Esri Transit dataset build with NTM dataset to create combined dataset.
- Publish combined Esri Transit stops and lines to ArcGIS Online.
- Create ArcGIS Online view layers for combined stops, lines by modality and lines by agency color layers, and add to [National Transit Mapping group](https://esritransit.maps.arcgis.com/home/group.html?sortField=added&sortOrder=desc&id=0abf74f646f249cf8499db98a0e281a2#content) created for sharing these candidate assets.
- Hydrate all metadata, symbology, Arcade and popup properties for new combined items from live Living Atlas items utilizing ArcGIS Online Assistant to _dramatically_ streamline the process.
- Update metadata per Dominic's (USDOT) recommendations.
- Using *lots* of Arcade, update popups in candidate combined items to meet Living Atlas requirements for _sentence like_ popups to accomodate variety of attribute information available based on data sources.
- Reviewed all Public Transit Community Maps contributors to ensure not adding duplicate data to discover three duplicates, and one being removed from NTM data, but where data has not yet been contributed through Community Maps.

## 3 - Shifting Priorities

#### Escalate

-

#### Diminish
 
- Foursquare delivery on ice.
