---
date: 2025-05-30
---

# SitRep 30 May 2025

## 1 - Critical Timebound Completed

- Create StoryMap along with multiple supporting assets for presentation in Living Atlas meeting.
- Meet with Cory Whittaker (public transit Solution Engineer) to discuss public transit collaboration efforts.

## 2 - Other High Importance Completed

- Through quality assurance review, discover nine staged datasets in public transit with missing file geodatabases...datasets which did not process. Debug issue and process these seven datasets.
- Create standard script to add unique identifier onto data from both National Transit Mapping (NTM) data downloaded from ArcGIS Online with far superior linework, and the data provided by US DOT as raw General Transit Feed Specification (GTFS). This enables associating at the record level and adding calculated value-add fields to the data.
- Process all NTM GTFS partitioned data to update and add value-add attributes.
- Repair (remove errant) line verticies in NTM data in Duarte, CA.
- Update main transit dataset build script to add US Department of Transportation NTM data after main build to avoid having to do this manually.
- Create and run main transit dataset build script followed by quality assurance checks in issue template.
- Update symbology methodology to utilize ArcGIS Online layer symbology locally, intially trying to change the retrieved layer's source, but ultimately determining this is unreliable and buggy, so implemented solution creating a new layer and applying the symbolgy from the ArcGIS Online layer.
- Investigate missing aerial lift line between two areial lift stations in Norwegian data; short story, although the trip and route exist, there geometry is not defined in shapes.
- Investigate high number of school bus (route type 712) stops in the Norwegian data. Yes, there are a lot, but this is how the data is coded, the most explicit category there is for school bus routes.

## 3 - Shifting Priorities

#### Escalate

- Living Atlas presentation.
