---
date: 2025-04-18
---

# SitRep 18 Apr 2025

## 1 - Critical Timebound Completed

- Connect with Dan to identify priorities and details for Foursquare processing updates.
- Particpate in meeting with MoblityData discussing Esri joining MobilityData and create draft business justification for Esri joining MobilityData.
- Participate in meeting with Houseal Lavigne discussing transit as part of their urban planning solution.

## 2 - Other High Importance Completed

- Public tranist NTM data missing Carto ID for the following NTM identifiers `['50066', '50118', '50276', '50433', '60015', '60152', '60159', '60185', '60256', '70044;70048', '88293']`
    - The following appear to be missing required files, so going to rerun process to split out data from main: `['60015', '60152', '60159', '60185']`.
    - Resolve bug in processing when attempting to add NTM UID in processing pipeline, ensure using `esri_agency_name` instead of `agency_name`; using `esri_` prefixes in processing to explicitly deleniate Esri fields added to default GTFS schema.
    - Systematically (with a script) check all processed NTM data for null carto values. This validates the processing logic.
- Build function to recode public transit platfoms identified as `location_type=0 & parent_station.notnull()` to `esri_stop_type_carto='5'` and `esri_stop_type_carto_desc='Platform'`. This enables idenification of platforms for symbology and labeling.
- Create Foursquare category table for flagging filtering criteria based on categories.
- Develop method to drop Foursquare records in categories identified in category filtering table.
- Develop method to conditionally filter Foursquare records based on a combination of category, update date and whether the address has been populated.
- Process Foursquare April data to create main dataset used to create different product outputs for Qualtiy Assurance, Geoenrichment and Basemaps.
- Identify issue in Quality Assurance dataset with how addresses are being evaluated during processing, update logic, and rebuild dataset.
- Enhance build script and build dataset for Quality Assurance with ability to automatically create zipped archive and upload to redstorage1.
 

## 3 - Shifting Priorities

#### Escalate

- Processing Foursquare April data with workflow updates.

#### Diminish

- Postponing transit in lieu of getting Foursquare processed for software.

