---
date: 2024-09-27
---

# SitRep 27 Sep 2024

## 1 - Critical Timebound Completed

- Participate in ArcGIS Business Analyst Web bugout.
- Create transit data release candidate with updated Spokane and new Calgary data, and publish layers to ArcGIS Online.
- Switch over Living Atlas view layers to updated feature layers and update bookmarks.
- Communicate transit publiction to Esri Canada.

## 2 - Other High Importance Completed

- Provide category descriptions for GTFS data to Seth to assist with integration of Esri Transit GTFS data into basemaps.
- Deliver updated Foursquare data to Basemaps with explanation of changed values.
- Look up missing coffee shop in Littleton from Foursquare data for Stacy in the master dataset (sping up Spark instance and get creative with the query), confirm by positively locating in the Geoenrichment parquet data, and work with Dan to ensure this is the same data also loaded in Business Analyst Web in the Development environment.
- Birddogging down status update for GTFS transit data from United States Department of Transportation starting with Chris Ochs and leading to John Gjika.
- Diagnose issue in GTFS processing logic preventing Calgary from processing, and stage Calgary data.
- Initial investigation of Swiss data viability...GTFS missing shapes, so have to get geometry from SwissTNE Base data.
- Build capability to universally assign properties within a GTFS dataset to parent and child stops, generalizing how modality is looked up to eanble lookup of modality, agency and wheelchair access from child to parent to child to populate parent stations and platforms' properties.
