---
date: 2024-08-09
---

# SitRep 09 Aug 2024

## 1 - Critical Timebound Completed

- Participate in Reverse Geocoding Licensing Nuance Discussion.
- Met with and helped to publish Yuhan's example transit index points into ArcGIS Online and add to single LA Metro map.

## 2 - Other High Importance Completed

- Collaborate with Dan to double check and finalize logic for Foursquare Open Confidence and BA Valid columns.
- Build Foursqure main dataset using August data for the October release.
- Build Foursquare parquet datasets for QA (select geographies and 10% global), basemaps and geoenrichment.
- Build Foursquare summary statistics datset as both parquet and CSV.
- Build Foursquare QA and basemaps file geodatabase feature classes.
- Make Foursqure QA data available for review.
- Build, combine and debug split GTFS dataset submitted by Los Angeles.
- Build main transit release candidate.
- Revise Foursquare BA Valid logic addressing issues detected through QA, and rebuild main and QA datasets for review.
- Validate Foursquare QA data to ensure logic updates addressed this identified issue.
- Rebuild all Foursquare parquet datasets based on updated logic to include basemaps, geoenrichment and summary statistics.
- Stage transit updates to ArcGIS Online to be ready for updating transit views once QA checks are complete.
- Rebuild Foursquare basemaps feature class using updated parquet dataset.

## 3 - Shifting Priorities

#### Escalate

- Prioritize Foursquare release.
- Close second, include transit submissions.

#### Diminish
 
- 