---
date: 2024-08-16
---

# SitRep 16 Aug 2024

## 1 - Critical Timebound Completed

- Knowledge transfer for best practices and troubleshooting Cookiecutter with Andrew.
- Mandatory Harassment Training.
- Discuss opportunity for using Esri COTS capabilities (BA Web custom data, Infographics and Experience Builder) to replace custom solution for Tacoma's equity explorer.
- Discuss next steps for getting second Esri Transit blog published.
- Meet with Portland TriMet to discuss contributing to the Esri Transit initiative, and follow up with details needed for licensing.
- Participate in Yuhan's turnover meeting.

## 2 - Other High Importance Completed

- Build Foursquare File Geodatabase Feature Class using updated data for delivery to Basemaps.
- Download, process and create transit release candidate with conributed Tuscon Sun Metro data.
- Perform preliminary investigation of Netherlands' transit data.
- Send note to Portland TriMet to get clarification on their data licensing terms.
- Download, process and create trasit release candidate with contributed IMPLAN data from Chichuahua, Mexico.
- Detected and fixed issue with closed locations not getting filtered out after updated filtering criteria, and rebuilt parquet datasets.
- Reubild Foursqure File Geodatabase Feature Classes and zipped archives for Basemaps and Quality Assurance datasets.

## 3 - Shifting Priorities

#### Escalate

- Address closed locations getting through in updated Foursquare filtering logic.
- Assess Netherlands transit data.
