---
date: 2025-04-25
---

# SitRep 25 Apr 2025

## 1 - Critical Timebound Completed

- Participate in points-of-interest coordination kick-off meeting.
- Troubleshoot and work with Dan Peterson to resolve expired ArcGIS Online transit organization.
- Attend training session for moderating chat during GeoDesign session and test environment.

## 2 - Other High Importance Completed

- Evaluate Foursquare Quality Assurance dataset, critically evaluating updated filtering criteria.
- Build the workflow to create a dataset from the Foursquare main dataset for software, Geoenrichment.
- Coordinate with Dmitry to ensure receiving Foursquare data in correct format(s).
- Process the Foursquare data for software, ensuring the Parquet data is paritioned by country, and building a File Geodatabase to deliver at the same time supporting building country data packs.
- Update public transit recoding for platforms, accounting for both `Null` and zero length strings in `parent_station` column, and add this platform code to the National Transit Mapping stops.
- Recode platforms, entrances and exits and generic nodes in ArcGIS Online public transit stops feaure service.
- Update symbology for platforms and hide generic nodes in ArcGIS Online public transit stops feature layer view.
- Create pipeline to build Basemaps parquet dataset as part of standard Foursquare open-source processing workflow.
- Add a list of locations to manually drop into Foursquare processing pipeline, and rebuild datasets to reflect this.
- Create new label class for Platforms in Living Atlas public transit stops feature layer view, update other label classes' filtering to not double label, and create arcade expression to pull from the description, fall back to name, and ensure "Platform" is in label.
- Create new Arcade expression to prefix stations and platforms in popup title, and only prefix platforms when platform not already in name. 

## 3 - Shifting Priorities

#### Escalate

- Update public transit to account for platforms.
- Include processing logic to manually drop locations as part of Foursquare processing pipeline.
