---
date: 2025-05-09
---

# SitRep 09 May 2025

## 1 - Critical Timebound Completed

- Participate in meeting discussing details of sharing data with HL Planning.

## 2 - Other High Importance Completed

- Debug and fix processing to handle GTFS datasets without a calendar file, handle inferencing from calendar_dates file.
- Build public transit processes to handle custom processing for LA Metro, Metrolink, Netherlands, Switzerland and UK datasets. 
- Debug and fix issue with extra fields in calendar file causing issues when processing Bay of Plenty, New Zeland.
- Create process and script to archive all current staged data, and re-stage all raw data by first processing all datasets requiring custom workflows follwed by staging all remaining raw unstaged datasets.
- Reprocess all submitted data to include newly added fields, including troubleshooting three datasets not wanting to process, but do not require custom workflows.
- Rebuild Geoenrichment data delivery in AWS EMR and then locally due to data being duplicated, two of every record, in the output file geodatabase.
- Process all the partitioned US Department of Transportation GTFS data to calculate newly added quality of service fields.
- Build custom workflow script for German (DELFI) data processing, clipping to European polygon and excluding the lines, and process the data to staging.
- Remove features from NTM for the three Community Maps data submissions recieved this week.
- Publish combined public transit stops, lines and centroids to ArcGIS Online and swap sources for Living Atlas Public Transit resources.
