---
date: 2025-04-04
---

# SitRep 04 Apr 2025

## 1 - Critical Timebound Completed

- Create workflow and processed [Foursquare dataset for review](https://esriis-my.sharepoint.com/:x:/g/personal/joel5174_esri_com/EYOiJeUoI1BJmbCLoDUqcIQBH6ArUCaUlZgPwxcLSVFLqw?e=Ww4WMg) comprised of exceptionally long strings in the fields `[name, website, twitter, tel]` and delivered to Dan Peterson for review on 31 Mar.
- Build proof-of-concept workflow and dataset combining the geometry from the US Department of Transportation National Transportation Dataset (NTM/NTD) feature services' with the calculated metrics built from the delivered GTFS data into a single dataset by creating a unique identifier comprised of a combination of the relevant identifier field and the `ntm_id` field to combine as many records as possible. Dataset delivered to Stacy on Wed 02 Mar for review and feedback.

## 2 - Other High Importance Completed

- Create [open times processing workflow for Safegraph processing](https://gist.github.com/knu2xs/456364122840a71dfb704313970292a5) addressing issues encountered with bars being open past midnght and midnight being incorrectly coded for the context. The day starts at `00:00` and ends at `23:59`. However, these frequently get transposed. Also, frequently `23:59` is coded as `24:00`, which is outright invalid.

## 3 - Shifting Priorities

#### Escalate

- Create public transit dataset release candidate.

#### Diminish

- Reduce focus on Foursquare until needing to process data for next release when data is expected to be released on 06 Apr.
